Simplify CMake + add a few more building instructions (#38)
Mr-Wiseguy/N64Recomp: README.md

* Ability to recompile into a dynamic language (such as Lua) to be able to load code at runtime for mod support

## Building
This project can be built with CMake 3.20 or above and a C++ compiler that supports C++20. This repo uses git submodules, so be sure to clone recursively (`git clone --recurse-submodules`) or initialize submodules recursively after cloning (`git submodule update --init --recursive`).

> From there, building is identical to any other cmake project, e.g. run `cmake` in the target build folder and point it at the root of this repo, then run `cmake --build .` from that target folder. You can also use different generators if you'd like to work in different IDE's like Xcode or Visual Studio by using the generator flag:
> ```bash
> # generates into a folder called `build-cmake`
> # open the generated Xcode project in that folder
> cmake -H. -Bbuild-cmake -GXcode
> 
> # generates into a folder called `build-cmake`
> # open the generated Visual Studio 2022 solution in that folder
> cmake -S . -B "build-cmake" -G "Visual Studio 17 2022"
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From there, building is identical to any other CMake project, e.g: 
1) Configure with `cmake -S . -B build` to create a `build` directory
2) Build with `cmake --build build`

You can also use different generators if you'd like to work in different IDE's using the generator flag:
Xcode:
```bash
# generates into a folder called `build-cmake`
# open the generated Xcode project in that folder
cmake -H . -B build-cmake -G Xcode
```
Visual Studio:
```bash
# generates into a folder called `build-cmake`
# open the generated Visual Studio 2022 solution in that folder
cmake -S . -B build-cmake -G "Visual Studio 17 2022"
```

Author: Good suggestions! Have incorporated them.
